Today, it was my great honor to welcome President Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa of Portugal to the @WhiteHouse!🇺🇸🇵🇹 Heading to North Dakota to fully stand with and endorse Kevin Cramer for Senate. He is an extraordinary Congressman who will hopefully soon represent this great state as your Senator. He is tough on crime, strong on borders, loves our Military, and our Vets! #NDSen Statement on Justice Anthony Kennedy. #SCOTUS Today, I was thrilled to join student leaders from Colleges and Universities across the country... Harley-Davidson should stay 100% in America, with the people that got you your success. I’ve done so much for you, and then this. Other companies are coming back where they belong! We won’t forget, and neither will your customers or your now very HAPPY competitors!Supreme Court rules in favor of non-union workers who are now, as an example, able to support a candidate of his or her choice without having those who control the Union deciding for them. Big loss for the coffers of the Democrats!HOUSE REPUBLICANS SHOULD PASS THE STRONG BUT FAIR IMMIGRATION BILL, KNOWN AS GOODLATTE II, IN THEIR AFTERNOON VOTE TODAY, EVEN THOUGH THE DEMS WON’T LET IT PASS IN THE SENATE. PASSAGE WILL SHOW THAT WE WANT STRONG BORDERS &amp; SECURITY WHILE THE DEMS WANT OPEN BORDERS = CRIME.  WIN!Congratulations to Maxine Waters, whose crazy rants have made her, together with Nancy Pelosi, the unhinged FACE of the Democrat Party. Together, they will Make America Weak Again! But have no fear, America is now stronger than ever before, and I’m not going anywhere!Big and conclusive win by Mitt Romney. Congratulations! I look forward to working together - there is so much good to do. A great and loving family will be coming to D.C.The legendary Gary Player at Turnberry in Scotland! A great First Lady! RT @The_Trump_Train: @realDonaldTrump  The Democrats are in Turmoil! Open Borders and unchecked Crime a certain way to lose elections. Republicans are for Strong Borders, NO Crime! A BIG NIGHT!Wow! Big Trump Hater Congressman Joe Crowley, who many expected was going to take Nancy Pelosi’s place, just LOST his primary election. In other words, he’s out! That is a big one that nobody saw happening. Perhaps he should have been nicer, and more respectful, to his President!Tremendous win for Congressman Dan Donovan. You showed great courage in a tough race! New York, and my many friends on Staten Island, have elected someone they have always been very proud of. Congratulations!Congratulations to Governor Henry McMaster on your BIG election win! South Carolina loves you. We are all proud of you and Peggy! @henrymcmasterToday, we tell the story of an incredible HERO who defended our nation in World War Two – First Lieutenant Garlin Murl Conner. Although he died 20 years ago, today he takes his rightful place in the Eternal Chronicle of American Valor...SUPREME COURT UPHOLDS TRUMP TRAVEL BAN. Wow!“The most profound question of our era: Was there a conspiracy in the Obama Department of Justice and the FBI to prevent Donald Trump from becoming President of the U.S., and was Strzok at the core of the conspiracy?”  Judge Andrew NapolitanoThe face of the Democrats is now Maxine Waters who, together with Nancy Pelosi, have established a fine leadership team. They should always stay together and lead the Democrats, who want Open Borders and Unlimited Crime, well into the future....and pick Crooked Hillary for Pres.A Harley-Davidson should never be built in another country-never! Their employees and customers are already very angry at them. If they move, watch, it will be the beginning of the end - they surrendered, they quit! The Aura will be gone and they will be taxed like never before!It was great being with Governor Henry McMaster last night in South Carolina. Henry is tough on Crime and Borders, loves our Military and our Vets and has created many jobs and a great economy. GO OUT AND VOTE FOR HENRY TODAY, HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!....We are finishing our study of Tariffs on cars from the E.U. in that they have long taken advantage of the U.S. in the form of Trade Barriers and Tariffs. In the end it will all even out - and it won’t take very long!....When I had Harley-Davidson officials over to the White House, I chided them about tariffs in other countries, like India, being too high. Companies are now coming back to America. Harley must know that they won’t be able to sell back into U.S. without paying a big tax!....We are getting other countries to reduce and eliminate tariffs and trade barriers that have been unfairly used for years against our farmers, workers and companies. We are opening up closed markets and expanding our footprint. They must play fair or they will pay tariffs!Early this year Harley-Davidson said they would move much of their plant operations in Kansas City to Thailand. That was long before Tariffs were announced. Hence, they were just using Tariffs/Trade War as an excuse. Shows how unbalanced &amp; unfair trade is, but we will fix it.....Thank you South Carolina. Now let’s get out tomorrow and VOTE for @HenryMcMaster! Just landed in South Carolina - will be at the McMaster rally shortly! #MAGAThe hearing of Peter Strzok and the other hating frauds at the FBI &amp; DOJ should be shown to the public on live television, not a closed door hearing that nobody will see. We should expose these people for what they are - there should be total transparency!Why is Senator Mark Warner (D-VA), perhaps in a near drunken state, claiming he has information that only he and Bob Mueller, the leader of the 13 Angry Democrats on a Witch Hunt, knows? Isn’t this highly illegal. Is it being investigated?RT @WhiteHouse: Today, @realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS welcomed @KingAbdullahII and @QueenRania of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan to the Whit…“Director David Lynch: Trump Could Go Down as One of the Greatest Presidents” Surprised that Harley-Davidson, of all companies, would be the first to wave the White Flag. I fought hard for them and ultimately they will not pay tariffs selling into the E.U., which has hurt us badly on trade, down $151 Billion. Taxes just a Harley excuse - be patient!  #MAGACongresswoman Maxine Waters, an extraordinarily low IQ person, has become, together with Nancy Pelosi, the Face of the Democrat Party. She has just called for harm to supporters, of which there are many, of the Make America Great Again movement. Be careful what you wish for Max!RT @EricTrump: Record High Economic Optimism: 51% of people think the the economy is good or excellent - this is the highest number @CNBC h…RT @TrumpGolf: Congratulations to our dear friend and @TrumpCharlotte member, @ScottMcCarron, on his incredible win at the @AmFamChamp this…RT @marcorubio: Trump haters still haven’t realized how much they help him with their condescension of those who either voted for him or do…Will be heading to one of my favorite places, South Carolina, to fight for one of my original “fighters,” Governor Henry McMaster. Speaking at 7:00 P.M.....If this is done, illegal immigration will be stopped in it’s tracks - and at very little, by comparison, cost. This is the only real answer - and we must continue to BUILD THE WALL!Hiring manythousands of judges, and going through a long and complicated legal process, is not the way to go - will always be disfunctional. People must simply be stopped at the Border and told they cannot come into the U.S. illegally. Children brought back to their country......Such a difference in the media coverage of the same immigration policies between the Obama Administration and ours. Actually, we have done a far better job in that our facilities are cleaner and better run than were the facilities under Obama. Fake News is working overtime!I have tried to stay uninvolved with the Department of Justice and FBI (although I do not legally have to), because of the now totally discredited and very expensive Witch Hunt currently going on. But you do have to ask why the DOJ &amp; FBI aren’t giving over requested documents?The Red Hen Restaurant should focus more on cleaning its filthy canopies, doors and windows (badly needs a paint job) rather than refusing to serve a fine person like Sarah Huckabee Sanders. I always had a rule, if a restaurant is dirty on the outside, it is dirty on the inside!Former Attorney General Michael Mukasey said that President Trump is probably correct that there was surveillance on Trump Tower. Actually, far greater than would ever have been believed!.@RepClayHiggins has been a great help to me on Cutting Taxes, creating great new healthcare programs at low cost, fighting for Border Security, our Military and are Vets. He is tough on Crime and has my full Endorsement. The Great State of Louisiana, we want Clay!House Republicans could easily pass a Bill on Strong Border Security but remember, it still has to pass in the Senate, and for that we need 10 Democrat votes, and all they do is RESIST. They want Open Borders and don’t care about Crime! Need more Republicans to WIN in November!.@jimmyfallon is now whimpering to all that he did the famous “hair show” with me (where he seriously messed up my hair), &amp; that he would have now done it differently because it is said to have “humanized” me-he is taking heat. He called &amp; said “monster ratings.” Be a man Jimmy!The United States is insisting that all countries that have placed artificial Trade Barriers and Tariffs on goods going into their country, remove those Barriers &amp; Tariffs or be met with more than Reciprocity by the U.S.A. Trade must be fair and no longer a one way street!....Our Immigration policy, laughed at all over the world, is very unfair to all of those people who have gone through the system legally and are waiting on line for years! Immigration must be based on merit - we need people who will help to Make America Great Again!We cannot allow all of these people to invade our Country. When somebody comes in, we must immediately, with no Judges or Court Cases, bring them back from where they came. Our system is a mockery to good immigration policy and Law and Order. Most children come without parents...Democrats, fix the laws. Don’t RESIST. We are doing a far better job than Bush and Obama, but we need strength and security at the Border! Cannot accept all of the people trying to break into our Country. Strong Borders, No Crime!Major Wall Street Journal opinion piece today talking about the Russian Witch Hunt and the disgrace that it is. So many people hurt, so bad for our country - a total sham!
AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS! Thank you @NVGOP! #MAGA Happy Birthday to Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, a friend and great man! It’s very sad that Nancy Pelosi and her sidekick, Cryin’ Chuck Schumer, want to protect illegal immigrants far more than the citizens of our country. The United States cannot stand for this. We wants safety and security at our borders!RT @HuckabeeOnTBN: TONIGHT: the President of the United States, @realDonaldTrump, sits down to discuss his thoughts about international rel…Heading to Nevada to talk trade and immigration with supporters. Country’s economy is stronger than ever before with numbers that are getting better by the week. Tremendous potential, and trade deals are coming along well.My thoughts and prayers are with Representative Katie Arrington of South Carolina, including all of those involved in last nights car accident, and their families. ...everyone how much he likes me, but he will only vote with Nancy Pelosi. Keith is strong on borders and tough on crime — and loves cutting taxes! #MAGA.@VP Pence is heading to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania where we have both strongly endorsed one of the finest men around, Congressman Keith @RothfusForPA. He is running against #LambTheSham, who is telling...Drudge Report  “OBAMA KEPT THEM IN CAGES, WRAPPED THEM IN FOIL” We do a much better job while at the same time maintaining a MUCH stronger Border! Mainstream Fake Media hates this story.“Disability applications plunge as economy strengthens”  Failing New York TimesThe National Association of Manufacturers just announced that 95.1% of Manufacturers “have a positive outlook for their companies.”  This is the best number in the Association’s history!The Russian Witch Hunt is Rigged!.@FoxNews  Poll numbers plummet on the Democrat inspired and paid for Russian Witch Hunt. With all of the bias, lying and hate by the investigators, people want the investigators investigated. Much more will come out. A total scam and excuse for the Dems losing the Election!RT @realDonaldTrump: Congressman Ron DeSantis, a top student at Yale and Harvard Law School, is running for Governor of the Great State of…RT @PressSec: It’s shameful that dems and the media exploited this photo of a little girl to push their agenda. She was not separated from…RT @JesseBWatters: Will be 🔥@TPUSA RT @Scavino45: 🚨Happening Now:
President Trump delivers remarks on immigration with Angel Families:  RT @realDonaldTrump: We are gathered today to hear directly from the AMERICAN VICTIMS of ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION. These are the American Citize…RT @realDonaldTrump: Our first duty, and our highest loyalty, is to the citizens of the United States. We will not rest until our border is…RT @Scavino45: REQUESTED by family members after their private meeting and visit to the Oval Office - which took place before public remark…RT @SecPompeo: .@POTUS’ agenda is the most pro-business agenda from a President in history. It been a game-changer for the American economi…Steel is coming back fast! U.S. Steel is adding great capacity also. So are others. RT @realDonaldTrump: We have to maintain strong borders or we will no longer have a country that we can be proud of – and if we show any we…RT @realDonaldTrump: Elect more Republicans in  November and we will pass the finest, fairest and most comprehensive Immigration Bills anyw…Based on the Tariffs and Trade Barriers long placed on the U.S. &amp; its great companies and workers by the European Union, if these Tariffs and Barriers are not soon broken down and removed, we will be placing a 20% Tariff on all of their cars coming into the U.S. Build them here!Our first duty, and our highest loyalty, is to the citizens of the United States. We will not rest until our border is secure, our citizens are safe, and we finally end the immigration crisis once and for all. We are gathered today to hear directly from the AMERICAN VICTIMS of ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION. These are the American Citizens permanently separated from their loved ones b/c they were killed by criminal illegal aliens. These are the families the media ignores...Hope OPEC will increase output substantially. Need to keep prices down!We must maintain a Strong Southern Border. We cannot allow our Country to be overrun by illegal immigrants as the Democrats tell their phony stories of sadness and grief, hoping it will help them in the elections. Obama and others had the same pictures, and did nothing about it!80% of Mexico’s Exports come to the United States. They totally rely on us, which is fine with me. They do have, though, very strong Immigration Laws. The U.S. has pathetically weak and ineffective Immigration Laws that the Democrats refuse to help us fix. Will speak to Mexico!RT @EricTrump: Good job @FLOTUS  🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 Congressman Ron DeSantis, a top student at Yale and Harvard Law School, is running for Governor of the Great State of Florida. Ron is strong on Borders, tough on Crime &amp; big on Cutting Taxes - Loves our Military &amp; our Vets. He will be a Great Governor &amp; has my full Endorsement!Congresswoman Martha Roby of Alabama has been a consistent and reliable vote for our Make America Great Again Agenda. She is in a Republican Primary run-off against a recent Nancy Pelosi voting Democrat. I fully endorse Martha for Alabama 2nd Congressional District!Governor Henry McMaster is a truly fine man who loves the People of South Carolina. He was one of my very early supporters and truly helped me to a Big South Carolina Victory. I will see you all in S.C on Monday and Vice President Pence will be there for Henry on Saturday!Republicans should stop wasting their time on Immigration until after we elect more Senators and Congressmen/women in November. Dems are just playing games, have no intention of doing anything to solves this decades old problem. We can pass great legislation after the Red Wave!Elect more Republicans in  November and we will pass the finest, fairest and most comprehensive Immigration Bills anywhere in the world. Right now we have the dumbest and the worst. Dems are doing nothing but Obstructing. Remember their motto, RESIST! Ours is PRODUCE!Even if we get 100% Republican votes in the Senate, we need 10 Democrat votes to get a much needed Immigration Bill - &amp; the Dems are Obstructionists who won’t give votes for political reasons &amp; because they don’t care about Crime coming from Border! So we need to elect more R’s!Our great Judge Jeanine Pirro is out with a new book, “Liars, Leakers and Liberals, the Case Against the Anti-Trump Conspiracy,” which is fantastic. Go get it!RT @realDonaldTrump: Don’t worry, the Republicans, and your President, will fix it! You cannot pass legislation on immigration whether it be for safety and security or any other reason including “heart,” without getting Dem votes. Problem is, they don’t care about security and R’s do. Zero Dems voted to support the Goodlatte Bill. They won’t vote for anything!We have to maintain strong borders or we will no longer have a country that we can be proud of – and if we show any weakness, millions of people will journey into our country.“I REALLY DON’T CARE, DO U?” written on the back of Melania’s jacket, refers to the Fake News Media. Melania has learned how dishonest they are, and she truly no longer cares!Big Supreme Court win on internet sales tax - about time! Big victory for fairness and for our country. Great victory for consumers and retailers.Farm Bill just passed in the House. So happy to see work requirements included. Big win for the farmers!I was thrilled to be back in Minnesota for a roundtable with hardworking American Patriots. Thank you! "The real big story that affects everybody in America is the success of @POTUS's TAX CUT package and what it's done for our economy...” @Varneyco My Administration is acting swiftly to address the illegal immigration crisis on the Southern Border. Loopholes in our immigration laws all supported by extremist open border Democrats...and that's what they are - they're extremist open border Democrats....
do not "Like brigade" mebig news gang.  another A++ app from the theranos company to help me keep track of all my silver ware. let me just say. Wowmy followers know im the go-to Bitch when it comes to interior wood paneling, so if i say its a "no buy", the shit has become seiriousRT @ultimatebitch: CHILLING OUT AT PCTODAY:
- pissed some body off
- got my ass kicked
- Pissed myself
- got piss kicked into my ass
- ANd its only 2:01 AM.@wwwdotyoutube theyre minds have evolved beyond germsnetworking with my friends on here forgetting if "taking the knee" is good or bad relative ot my belief system but getting pissed off at every mention of knees just to be safeSeve jobs, bill gates, and Albert Einstein sitting at a table, enjoying a glass of Single Oak Barrel Whiskey , While i watch and smile.i proudly skim the amount of $17.76 off of all my employees paychecks, because they do deserve painjust downloaded some of the most all time realistic vagina pics, to my $100 computerRT @Laughing_Jokes: 1+1=?
Window 
Gets? 
Retweet
FavoriteRT @MadanMohanRaoG: there is a street dog menace at street no 5 &amp; 6 in yadav nagar at alkapuri in sarornagar. biten atleast 25 people no ca…RT @MadanMohanRaoG: I had test driven Fiat Abarth &amp; Urban cross. Excellent. My slogan is Fiat is Fiat, Go for Fiat enjoy Fiat drivingthe crack of the bat. the scent of a verdant field. The excitement of the crowd. These are the things that piss base ball fans off the most@adultblackmale @neonwario Wanker !  Come off itsummoning. the bang buspain manRT @painman: in. Bedits like i always say folks "you gotta follow my account to get the posts"im strong enough that i could pull one o f my teeth out right now but i dont want tobanking on becoming one of those guys that consistently sucks so much ass tthat people arent allowed to own me anymore because its boringstepping into fiveguys hq, just listing hundreds of brand new chef-inspired value combos off the top of my head. Boom. just like that. 1 2 3hauling ass to the hair place to find tekken chauncey and laying into him with a rolled up newspaper while hes getting a PermRT @psyco_man: ground in hellRT @MrFUCKA: Me is all im periodRT @MyPud: First draft of the new branding. What do you think??RT @OneMOEE_Time: Sweet Baby Rays Bardecue Sauce &gt;&gt;&gt;the show wife Swap but for gaming set upsRT @JokerInRealLife: Ou, i fucking hate schoolRT @GirlsLord: Selenagomezim the one guy on earth who thought it was cool that google glass would allow you to look at your dick and make it shrink/change colorsthe 3 poossible reactions i have to tweets
1) nodding sagely
2) slapping forehead &amp; saying "Aw man!"
3) adding it to my muted word listwe told this man that he has the brain power of a thousand state legislators .  you will remember His smile forever dont even think about serving me food from taco bell that isnt served to me Méxicano Stylewearing the wrong damn shoes to the basketball court, getting freaked on like a Dunce, getting my ass kicked stupidlyi challenge any man  who thinks that my 7 handsome border collies are too loud through-out the day to a round of Chess, the game of kingsThe state of the qua;lity of the posts on my feed has never been more fucked. And every one is too busy touching their Penis to give a shit.having my druthers— and eating them toodesperate Husband , sitting on the toilet and palm mashing all the buttons on the bathroom jukebox trying to get bob seger back oni love thinking about shit that is "Asethetic" and looking at it and saying how much of good it isGo To My Assthe repliers know whats best for my posts. i love to roll over like a dog and let them shit all over my face until its unrecognizableruinning a mans wedding by using too many ad Hominem argumentsconcerned about t he health of my followers, many of whom appear sickly and have chapped, unwashed elbows, stained with grimethe boys held an intervention about me "Going hollywood" because i;ve been buying plastic toothpicks nowRT @tomasbalderas41: IT IS  CALL&gt;  THE  BIG  COCK DR.  BALDERAS  IS  STRAIGHT  UP.RT @tomasbalderas41: DR.  BALDERAS  IS  THE  BIGGIST  GENIUS,  EVER  EXIST  IN  DIE  ERDE,  IN  THE  WORLD,  IN  THE  KOSMOSRT @tomasbalderas41: DEAR  MR  PRESIDENT  THE  HONORABLE  DONALD    TRUMP  CENTREL  OFFICE  OF  TWITTER  I  AM  PERSONALLY  CONNECTED  TWIT…the basketball version of a home run is when you throw a basketball really hard at the roof and get it stuck in the rafters some howfully embracing the power of Social Media at the age of 56 and changing my name to Kim Jong LexusWow thifs blew up.  While your here please have a look at this: htttp://www.burgerking.comextremely getting a uti by usnig the same shirt i used to wipe my dogs mouth to wipe piss off of my dickRT @drunkdriver4: paying a loud, 200 IQ man wearing a sweat band $500 a month to make videos telling me how to wipe my ass properlyRT @Mr_Ass_hole: The best curve on a woman is her smile #TRUTHRT @ItsATeenthings: rt if you kept smiling when you watching you smile :D #itsateenthingsRT @RealLifeShit: When. Girl says," I love HIM." him is meaning = (H)e (I)s (M)ine. I love means= I'm so glad &lt;3thinking i only have about 80000 more posts to read before i figure out the precise amount of sex that should be allowed in pepsi commercalsthis feed is protected by grandmaoh? you want me to take the bad santa posters off my car windows? sorry, i forgot that its a fucking fedearal crime to think things are goodif somone cooks your goose, thats it. youre basically fuckedJohn Lee Hooker: Boom boom boom boom (guitar riff)
me: hm pretty good. What else you got
John Lee Hooker: Hau hau hau hau
me: Fuck this .#worldturtleday these beasts are simply armoured rats ,always and foreverbabies cant smile. its a biological reflex from the brain stem. its fake. they dont know how to smileOk bitch write "Telomere Mindfulnness" on a piece of paper. Go to Golds gym on 23rd, hand the paper to "Eddie" &amp; tell him youre ready to DieTime to show these douscebags my real power (throws a big tree branch at a guys car)seeing the cops in the rear view, telling everyone to "stay cool" and cutting hard into the guardrail to flip my car on purpose(after getting split in half by a 16-inch bullet fired from a boat) waiter theres a fly in my SoupME: What do you mean the plane departed. The clock says its only 8:25.
TICKET AGENT: Sir Thats a clock
ME: I knowjames bonds jet black diapers that cost $200 each. suit jacket that has Jame bonds signature drawn on the pocket. james bond engagement ringthe guy who hooks me up with Raw Milk locked his account. too many people posted "come to brazil" at him so i guess ill starve to death nowbefore you threaten to "Pimp slap" me, please remember that i am a police officer of the law, on at least four separate timeline's"octo mom" will never be allowed to join mensa or the fortune 500.  just saying the damn truth like it is-tweeting about stuff thats off-topic is "Random". never do this.
-tweeting about current event stuff is "Topical". and this is also a crimegetting pecked by birds like a dick headabsolute bastard . of all the fingers you couldve given me, it had to be the middle oneRT @noelleganga: i dont need mafia anymore,,how can i removeRT @noelleganga: i regret to join mafiia(witnessing the flaming wreckage of a 6-car pile up) ah. Respect. More powerdo not ever come to my gym with crayons and draw smiley faces all over the walls. i will put your ass in the gutter. i will knock you overim thinking now, about how pissed off i'd get if i was dining at a 4-star restaurant and the waiter came out 100% nude. do not do that shit@HollisboyNelson @nomad_thought sorry@sicular yes thats what i meant. thank youone matrix pill is Pitbull Holocaust. the other is Pitbull Revolution. i wont say which is which because i dont want people to get mad at me@michael27881377 @WildGoose999 why do you want to kill dogsmy dick is in the news agian.  and Ouh, whats this?? The damn gas prices are sky rocketing while everyones distracted. Trite.wife wont speak to me because i thought the movie "night at the muesum" was a porno film about a guy fucking suits of armor or somethingusing genius Journalism to crush my enemies . . .injecvting a shit ton of steroids and walking on the treadmill at 3mph@sicular  get a educationi feel like i miss out on a lot of opportunities and job offers purely because of my lack of skills, experience, and knowledge of information such as thingsif me brushing my hair with a rare extinct bird feather is what you would call "carelessly extravagant" well that's your problem, i don't even care.@netflix you should make more documentaries about wolves and less documentaries about everything elsethe biggest problem i have encountered so far is a box propped up by a stick and there is a choc chip cookie i want to eat under there, i'm sure you are thinking free cookie right but like that cheese with the fast metal there is more going on.what if this whole time the chaff was the good part and we were eating wheat like suckers.my precious gemstones couldn't be more precious if they were carved in the shape of babies, in fact that would probably cause them to lose value.some times in life you have to make choices, other times in life you don't have to make choices, those are just some of the times that happen in life.after recently purchasing a pallet of hungry man dinners from a door-to-door salesman, dinners of which turned out to be 90% poisoned, i started thinking about ways that i myself could swindle others. and if it gets people thinking was it really such a bad decision on my part? noyou can't just expect me to have previous knowledge about something before i comment on it.just calling it a jewel heist seems wrong to me considering i also took a couple of staplers that were there.honestly if i got stuck under a snowdrift i would just live there.most people think the fortune teller trade became obsolete when they invented those cookies but what happens when i forget and accidentally eat the paper, oh wait i guess i could just go get another cookie.biggest news of the week it's important to set goals in life, my first goal is to be given six hundred dollars, my second goal is to be given three million dollars, haven't thought of a third goal yet.the concept of a forgotten gem confuses me, as if i'm ever going to not remember a gem.biggest reveals of E3 so far:
Green M&amp;M in Hitman 2 Crossover Event (IO Interactive)
Whose Line All-Stars Racing (CW Games)
Respect The Wolves (Common Sense)
Godsmack Digital Card Game (Universal Interactive)
The Elephant Man 38th Anniversary Pinball Machine (Williams/Bally)i don't know if anyone else has this problem but i only retain information about things that personally affect me.@Thoirdealbhaigh they said the same thing in that old el paso taco ad and guess how that turned out, i don't rememberthe way i see things, which is through a lens of genius intelligence, is that people should spend less time in bars and behind bars and more time gifting me gold bars and candy bars.@gerudoku @topherflorence i should say that the first three are being remastered for the Doritos N-Acho Trilogy so might be worth waiting for that@topherflorence the Doritos Mega Collection will contain:
Doritos
Doritos 3D
Doritos 2: The Tribes
Oh No! More Doritos
3D Doritos Winterland @ybbaaabby @jeffbakalar bigh rat in a way failure is just a more interesting version of success and defeat is the greatest victory of all, but that's just one thinking mind's correct opinion.you can't say i didn't warn you about the tongue eating spiders, on account of the spiders eating your tongue while you were sleeping, probably should have warned you about that.the only reason there was so many unforeseen consequences was because i have no interest in foreseeing anything.i think this is the biggest roadblock in getting people to fund my wolf pupy shaped monster truck Cave Digger, pedantry.people are attacking at me with pitchforks simply because i choose to lay still under piles of hay, straw, and leaves at times.@bradflick55 congratulations you did itit's crazy wild that after awarding Game Of The Year 2017 to Sonic Mania the game industry is already handing Sonic Mania Plus the Game Of The Year 2018 title, it's not even out yet.when people say things it's best to pretend to listen to whatever they are going on about, that way everyone is happy.my response to this is to keep using them interchangeably i've spent countless hours not counting a single hour and it was an unknown amount of time well spent.@ybbaaabby is this him what i've always found interesting is things that are about me.don't get any ideas, they only lead to problems.hold that thought, hold it over a trash can then let go, gravity will do the restit all happened in slow motion, if the slow motion was being fast forwarded to look like regular speed again.i want to thank everyone for their kind words, i haven't received any kind words yet it's just something i want to do in the future.one day i will get my revenge, or i won't, you never know with that sort of thing.that's your problem not mine, the way to tell if something is my problem is that my problems are a lot more important, because they involve me.people often say at me "ayip yip yip yip yip." later on i find out they were actually a little electronic toy dog, but the chance to make friends has passed."i think he would have wanted me to have this" - me, discovering the riches of an ancient mummy's tomb at the history museumsome people spend their whole lives... i actually didn't bother finding out what other people do, i got my own thing going ondue to a glitch i have left a list of expensive treasures and presents i would like to be given just laying around where anyone could see itvisit the website to learn more? the last thing i am going to do is learn more.#MyCareerPath
2019: inventor of the Cadbury Creme Egg But With Little Gemstones In The Goop.
2020: shot directly in the brain by sniper's bullet.
2021: road warrior in the wasteland.spring is the wolf pup season, the perfect time to get one on your phone i wouldn't worry about it, because it doesn't effect me, no idea how you should react to it though.things may be bad now, well see you later.if i can inspire just one person to give me money then it was all worth it.lighten up, everythings bad if you look at it from a realistic angle.you're telling me! oh i wasn't listening i was just acknowledging the fact you were telling me something, whatever it was.@StephenMerchant the first time i saw STEVE it was just "oh, that's a new celestial phenomenon" i've got used to it.@ybbaaabby so thats how vinny got so good at it@supermoof surfs up@jeffbakalar @ybbaaabby are m&amp;m's eggs if they got a shell? has it ever occurred to you that i have agreed to look after my neighbours goldfish for a weekend? does it matter to you at all that i have verbally accepted the responsibility of putting flakes in water one time each day? do you have the slightest idea what an ideal pH level is?hello to all, a pupy cave content update is now live with new items and caves.
iOS:

Android:
 thinking of all the friends i could have made if a furby building class existed, instead the one i constructed out of metal and hair becomes more of an enemy each day.that ham radio license is going to be useless when you reach into your belt's gemstone pouch only to find empty powerless rocksthe main problem with other preppers and survivalists is that they spend too much time preparing and not enough time capturing lunar energy in gem stones.@mountain_goats as one of the leading geniuses in the world of intelligence i can tell you my brain is one of, if not the, smartest of mindslets be honest, if that ancient fossil was so priceless it wouldn't have flown to pieces as soon as i shot it with a gunin some ways i dont know what that is, but in a more broader sense i dont know what you are talking about, that much is clear@W_i_n_t_e_r___K i'm...... going back for more olives@W_i_n_t_e_r___K i'm finally ready to post my genuine personal opinions about star wars and podcasts but the normals only want to talk about yoda eating olives in the amWolfpupy's Top 3 Movies Of 2017:
Mr Bean 2059
The Lego Brothers Grimsby Movie
Son Of The Mask 3: Look Who's Smokin' NowWolfpupy's Top 6 Games Of 2017:
Pupy Cave (iOS/Android)
Joe Dirt Party Cruise (Oculus Rift)
Lemmings Chronicles 2: Automata (PS4)
Ricky Gervais Mysteries: The Haunting At Werewolf Lake (PC)
The Klumps Snowboarding (Multi-Platform)
Egg &amp; Spoon Race: Revenge Takedown (XB1X)the christmas baby that was born another paper mache sculpture of myself in tatters because i don't know where to get that type of glue from. waste of time.i want to apologise for earlier, also for later, and i guess right now isn't great either.@ryanqnorth Ace Ventura never says "Alrighty then"@ybbaaabby i think a good name for an abby robot would be AB@hellpupp keep asking @kidrobot and @frankkozik to make one@wwwdotyoutube my favorite christmas movie is the Lollipop Candy Bad Girl music video by Tommy heavenly6@Thesixler @scharpling hoping this leads to a gary the squirrel d&amp;d campaign podcast@W_i_n_t_e_r___K aw yeesit is a common misconception that wolves only howl to communicate, we also use it to astrally project ourselves onto the moon.@HiImBleep Bmotorcyclepupy cave content update coming soon  @2tonbug thats like the opposite of staying in your lane dranculaoften times people will often, because of the times you see, they will expect things of me, which at a time like this or any other time, is bad.i'm starting to think this whole thing was cursed from the beginning, especially after all those hexes. don't get me started on the plagues.@MeCookieMonster a happy national cookie day to you too on this most holy and sacred of holidays.@Thesixler do you think jeff had a dream about megaman 11 as the announcement trailer went upthe very same people who say you can't push over the gumball machine to get free candy are the very same people who tackle you when you are gathering up your free ground candy.oh you think i need to reconsider? at no point did i consider anything in the first place.i was wrong, this is a large scale disaster@RobSchrab very cool@ghxxxyk2 you laugh because a single moth flew out of my wallet, i laugh because i know about the piggy bank filled with moths i have at homethought about it and diamonds wouldn't be that bad of a best friend, would be cool to hang out with them, dont have to drive them to airport@Thoirdealbhaigh i don't know what that isi can only imagine what something like that would look like, i don't care enough to go over there and look at it.@wolfpupy following the advice of a wise webpage my tamagotchi is now recovering in a bath of aromatic oils and himalayan salt.why would anyone want to die on a hill, way easier to die in a trench or ditch. you just roll down into it, no climbing involved.an illustration can show you something that a photograph can't show youfunny how they are called "healing magnets" when all they did was make my tamagotchi sick.pupy cave on iOS is now bundled with a pupy sticker pack for iMessage

 